So the second step is to install.
Well, since we'll use the oveI file, it would be better to say import for this step.
And the downloads finished.
So let's look at the final location.
It's under the download folder now, I'll open the VMware fusion interface.
From the add button at the upper left corner to import.
Click, they choose from Button and choose the oveI file, you just download and click, OK?
And as you see, VMware Fusion reads the file and then detects the VM as Kelly Linux 20 dot to.
We can could continue for the next step.
Now it's asking for the location of the PVM and this older works for me now, I think it's better to
collect all the VMS in a folder so you can manage them easier.
It will create a single file with this name.
Now Quixey.
And it starts to import.
I may take a couple of minutes.
So I want to look at the size of the empty space on my host.
D.F. Command simply displays the free disk space and Dash eight parameter makes the result human readable.
I have 192 gigabytes of free space, and that'll be quite enough for this installation.
Installations finished and this is a summary of the VM ram is two gigabytes by default.
And if you have enough ram on your whole system, I suggest you increase it.
Networking is not just as I want.
OK, click finish to finish the installation of Carly.
Now it's asking if you want to upgrade the VM.
I say, OK, why not?
So our new colleague is booting for the first time.
And we're here at the login screen.
Let me make the pvm full screen.
OK.
Now, in addition to the changes that I mentioned in the previous lecture, there is another important
change in this county 2020 to release the default user account is now a standard unprivileged user.
Caleigh is no longer using the super user account route by default.
Right.
So the new default credentials are Kelly and Co..
And welcome to Khaleed 2020, talked to.
So let's open a terminal screen and check the network connection.
When I run the if config command with standard user privileges, I will get an error because they have
config command is under the Espin folder and requires route privileges.
So why don't we have a look inside that has been folder.
As you can see, I can run this CD, TWD and Alaska Manzer without pseudo, these commands do not require
privileges.
However, the commands that are under the SBN folder must be run with pseudo.
If config is here.
And let's run this command with pseudo.
And it's OK now.
Of course, there is a more practical solution.
You can always switch the user to root so we don't have to write pseudo for every command that requires
room privileges.
So let's run pseudo Espoo.
OK, so I'm I'm right now, and I'll double check that with the Who am I command?
Well, now I can run any command which requires super user privileges without pseudo.
And this is my IP address, if if Config didn't obtain an IP address, that means that you have a problem
with your network configuration.
It's not a problem.
Problems do occur, and I certainly will give you some solutions to fix any possible network problems
in the next lecture.